Add monorepo guide blog post (#483)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/blog/backstage-monorepo-guide/index.md

---
title: How to model monorepos in Backstage
date: '2021-11-22T21:00:00.0Z'
description: There are multiple different ways to represent monorepos in Backstage, each with its own setup, benefits and drawbacks. We show you how to do it in your situation.
author:
  name: David Tuite
  avatar: '../../assets/team/david-tuite.jpg'
tags: ['tutorial']
---

We've been onboarding an increased number of awesome engineering organisations to our SaaS Backstage platform recently, and one question comes up again and again... "Does Backstage support monorepos?"

The good news is that Backstage does support monorepos. In fact, there are multiple different ways to represent monorepos in Backstage, each with its own setup, benefits and drawbacks. This post will teach you everything you need to know to get your monorepo code loaded and represented the way you want.

This post will be applicable whether you're using the Roadie hosted Backstage platform or self-hosted Backstage.

## Combined vs Split monorepo representations

There are two approaches to treating monorepos in Backstage. Combined and Split monorepos. 

### Combined monorepos

> Combined monorepos present as a single entity in Backstage. When you look at your Backstage catalog, you'll see one row to represent the monorepo, regardless of the number of sub-components contained within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combined monorepos present a single entity in Backstage. When you look at your Backstage catalog, you'll see one row to represent the monorepo, regardless of the number of sub-components contained within.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combined monorepos are presented as a single entity in Backstage. When you look at your Backstage catalog, you'll see one row to represent the monorepo, regardless of the number of sub-components contained within.
```
